---
layout: default
title: Support local Ruby developers in the Apps4Edmonton contest
category: news
---

<p><em>UPDATE:</em> We just added My Edmonton to this list of Ruby apps!</p>

<p>Public voting has just begin for the City of Edmonton's Apps4Edmonton contest, and with $55,000 in prizes on the line every vote counts.  We're especially pleased to announce that many of the teams have chosen to use Ruby as the platform for developing their great apps.  These apps cover a range of services, and we'll be approaching the teams to come out and speak about the development process at our upcoming meetups, however right now we're asking all our members to do their part to support local Ruby developers by considering voting these great applications.</p>

<p>
<ul>
  <li><a href="http://contest.apps4edmonton.ca/apps/17">Alertzy!</a> - Alertzy's goal is to make the lives of Edmonton residents easier by giving them an easy way to receive updates and notifications to their cell phones through SMS Messages.
  </li>
  <li><a href="http://contest.apps4edmonton.ca/apps/14">EdmontonInfo</a> - EdmontonInfo is an Android application that provides users with easy access to various city information. (source is <a href="http://github.com/chrisolsen/edmontoninfo_android">here</a> and <a href="http://github.com/chrisolsen/EdmontonInfo">here</a>)
  </li>
  <li><a href="http://contest.apps4edmonton.ca/apps/16">My Edmonton</a> - Find local services, landmarks and information!  Scott also has a great <a href="http://blog.myyeg.com/2010/09/my-edmontons-many-data-sources/">blog post up about building this app</a>.
  </li>
  <li><a href="http://contest.apps4edmonton.ca/apps/24">TXT.2.ETS</a> - SMS us a bus stop number and we will send back the next few buses that will arrive and when.
  </li>
  <li><a href="http://contest.apps4edmonton.ca/apps/20">YEGTRASH.com</a> - Is it time to take out the trash?  Find out, no registration required! (<a href="http://github.com/MarkBennett/yegtrash">source</a>)
  </li>
</ul>
</p>

<p>Are you a developer who's app should be in this list?  Contact mark@burmis.ca or reply @yegrb on Twitter and we'll add you!</p>
