---
layout: default
title: YEGRB 0.6 Notes
---
h1. House Keeping

h2. Apps4Edmonton
* The first Apps4Edmonton contest was a great success with 36 apps entered
* 5 applications identified as build using Ruby
* Congratulations to all the apps, especially Alertzy! (Ben Zittlau, Ryan Jones, and Greg Bain) and TXT.2.ETS (Sean Healy and Joel Jackson) for their winning entries

h2. News
* Rails 3 has been officially released
** We'll have a full introduction at a meetup soon
** Lot's of good documention:http://weblog.rubyonrails.org/2010/8/29/rails-3-0-it-s-done
* RVM goes 1.0!
* Ruby 1.9.2 released
* Beta of Passenger 3
* Devise 1.1.x

h2. Google Group
* Our mandate is to connect ruby users in Edmonton
* We've created a google group to do this between meetups
* Membership is moderated but posts aren't
* Visit the group at http://groups.google.com/group/yegrb

h2. RailsRumble
* Three teams have registered from the meetup
* Both teams still looking for one more member
* Thanks to the designers who came out!

h2. Next Meetup
* All about javascript
* Show off your nodejs, canvas, and HTML5 skills
* Submit your talks soon as this is going to be a popular meetup!

h1. Speakers
* "@mdeering":http://twitter.com/mdeering - Advanced Capistrano deployments
* "@benzittlau":http://twitter.com/benzittlau - Using CSS frameworks
* "@cbrulak":http://twitter.com/cbrulak - Adding OpenID to your app
* "@markbennett":http://twitter.com/markbennett - RailsRumble checklist
* "@darkhelmetlive":http://twitter.com/darkhelmetlive - RVM: Ruby goes to 11!
